Heisey sheets I'm Kitty from sushi and
I'm going to show you how to draw a
cartoon slice of watermelon so first up
what we do is we draw a circle
and then we just take a line probably
about two-thirds of the way up
just bring it across the air and then we
draw another circle just copy it well
half a sack really just inside that
first first circle and then another one
just slightly close to the air to that
second second line
let's bring it out a little bit further
yeah then we draw a little oval and then
another little over for an eye with a
circle for highlight then another circle
for highlight and then we draw a half
circle for a mouth a little circle for a
cheek there and then a little circle for
a cheek on that side and then for the
seeds perps we are just or another
circle as a guide another half circle as
a guide the air and let me just draw a
little teardrop shape so one two three
four five six seven just along there
then what we do is we just grab our
black pins and go back in it and can the
pencil lines
then we just go back in and double up
the thickness of the main parts of the
illustration to make it look even more
cartoony
then we just wait for the ink to dry
then we just go back in and rub out the
pencil lines
so there you have it a cartoon slice of
watermelon happy drawing